Mubarak Adem
Software Developer
mubarak.adem@a2sv.org
 
+251909230572
 
Adama,Ethiopia
 
MubarakAdem
 
MubarakAdem
 
Mubarakadem
 
Profile
•Ambitious and self-taught software developer.recognized as a top student for exceptional problem-solving and 
web development skills. Passionate about leveraging diverse technologies to create innovative solutions and drive 
impactful change in the tech industry
Education
2022 – present
Adama, Ethiopia
Bsc.in Computer Science And Engineering
Adama Science and Technology University
•Relevant Courseworks:Fundamentals of Programming,Data Structures and 
Algorithms,Object Oriented-Programming,SoftwareEngineering,Database Systems and 
Advanced Programming.
2023 – present
Adama, Ethiopia
Data Structures and Algorithms
ASV - African to silican Valley Coding Academy
• A2SV upskills talented African students and connects them with big tech companies. 
A2SV has successfully placed 50+ trainees at top tech companies  including 
Databricks, Google, Amazon,Bloomberg, Palantir,and Block.
Professional Experience
Adama, EthiopiaSoftware Enigneer
Eskalate
•Developed and maintained a comprehensive banking statistics dashboard as part of a 
team of six students. Leveraged Next.js, Tailwind CSS, React Toolkit, and NextAuth to 
create a seamless, user-friendly experience, enhancing data visualization and security 
for end-users.
•Developed Job Bridge, a platform connecting employees and employers, as part of an 
eight-member team. Utilized React and Tailwind CSS for a responsive and intuitive 
front-end, while leveraging Django for a robust and scalable back-end, ensuring a 
seamless user experience and efficient matchmaking.
Skills
Advanced — NextJs  pyhton  React  Javascript, Intermediate — Java  django  C++, Beginner — Go
Projects
E-commerce
Created a dynamic e-commerce website using Django and React, designed to simplify the shopping experience for 
customers. Implemented features such as real-time inventory management, secure payment processing.
Organizations
Adama, EthiopiaAndalus
Instructor
Volunteered at Andalus Organization, teaching programming and other subjects for free. 
Dedicated to empowering students with essential coding skills and knowledge
